Ahh! Hey!
Ooh! Ahh! Ah! Ahh!
- [crashing]
- [glass breaking]
Well done, boys. Looks like
ice-cold sushi for breakfast.
[giggling]
[male] No, no, son. Over here.
See the lion? Look at the lion
and get the lion.
[sighs, grunts]
Now, son, if you're
gonna grow up
and be like your daddy someday,
you gotta learn how to fight.
- Da-da.
- [chuckles]
[stammers] Alakay,
let me show you something, OK?
- You see this mark?
- Ahh.
You and me are the same.
When you're bigger,
you'll be alpha lion,
just like your daddy.
- Now let me see you fight.
- [growls]
- Ready?
- [giggling]
No, Alakay. No dancing!
You just amuse yourself,
don't you?
You're a strange kid.
You're a strange one. I'm...
- Ooh, ahh, ooh, ahh.
- [chuckling]
Now, come on,
let's try it again.
No, Alakay.
Stop that right now.
Doggone it!
It's so disappointing when they
don't grow up the way you want.
Makunga. You're not
challenging me again, are you?
Look on the bright side, Zuba.
After I defeat you and
take over as alpha lion,
you'll have more time
to spend with your pathetic son.
[giggling]
Before I kick your butt,
let me ask you:
Why do you want
to become the alpha lion?
I'm better looking,
I have better hair,
I'm deceivingly smart...
...and I want everyone else
to do what I say.
[groans]
We'll fight on three. One...
Pay attention, Alakay. Daddy
gonna show you how it's done.
Two, three!
- [babbling]
- [fighting noises]
- Who's the alpha lion?
- You are.
Don't you forget it.
And that, Alakay,
is how you attack...
Alakay?
Hah!
That's it. Here, kitty, kitty.
[gun cocking]
Ah, this one's a beauty.
He'll be worth a few bucks.
[man] It just gets
easier and easier.
[whimpering] Daddy!
Alakay! Alakay!
Alakay!
Da-da!
No! No! No!
[grunts] Alakay!
- Daddy!
- Alakay! Daddy's
got you! Hold on!
[gun cocks]
[gun fires]
Da-da!
[whimpers]
Ow! Ow!
[Zuba] Alakay!
Daddy!
I've been around the world
in the pouring rain
Feeling out of place
and feeling strange
Take me to a place
where they know my name
'Cause I ain't met nobody
that looks the same
I'm a fish out of water
Lion out of the jungle
He's a fish out of water
I'm a fish out of water
Lion out of the jungle
He's a fish out of water
I need my peoples, my peoples
Take me to my peoples
Play that jungle fever
Show 'em some love
Show love
Just gotta have someone
Gotta have someone
To relate to, to relate to
I've found a brand new home
Feeling right at home
See, I been traveling
Been traveling forever...
- I don't like
the looks of this guy.
- I think he's kind of cute.
I think he's kind of a showoff.
Y-You think he's cute? [coughs]
[all] Whoa!
Roar!!
[man] The King of
New York City...
...Alex the Lion!
Woo-hoo! I still think
he's kind of a showoff.
Gotta give it to him.
The guy's an animal.
Maybe he should take
a break. You know,
we could all use a vacation.
Come on, where would we
go on vacation?
I don't know about you,
but I want to go to Connecticut!
[woman] On the loose,
several animals, including
the world-famous Alex the Lion,
the King Of New York,
escaped from
the Central Park Zoo tonight.
The escapees were cornered
in Grand Central Station.
He was a very bad kitty.
[woman 2]
Animal rights activists,
who convinced zoo officials
to have the animals
sent to Africa,
were stunned to learn that the
freighter carrying the animals
was reported missing today.
[man] Tonight, hundreds
of New Yorkers have
gathered at the zoo
to mourn the loss of
their beloved zoo animals.
The question on everyone's
mind, where are they now?
[drum beating]
[cheering]
I like to move it, move it
He likes to move it
move it
She likes to move it
- We like to
- [all] Move it!
Come on! Y'all know this one!
It never gets stale!
- We like to
- [all] Move it!
We'll miss
you little fuzz buckets!
You've been a great crowd!
Glad we could introduce
you to the toilet.
If you ever come look us up
in Manhattan, feel free
to call first.
Seriously though, call. OK?
Settle down, everybody.
Be quiet!
You can't leave without this!
Hey! Surprise, freaks! Whoa!
Shake it! Shake it.
[laughing]
Look, I'm a lady!
I'm a lady, everyone!
I'm a lady! Not really!
It's me, King Julien!
Which of you is attracted
to me? Hands up!
Ha-ha! Yes!
Hey, freaks! You will be
very glad to hear that
I am coming with you.
Oh, no, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
It's my plane!
Until I return with the spoils
from the new country...
...Stevie will be in charge!
I don't think they
like that idea so much, Julien.
What is that you're saying,
Stevie? Oh. Oh. [chuckles]
No.
Could we...? No, you didn't say
that! How is that even possible?
Naughty little thing!
Stevie says...
[speaking in gibberish language]
King Julien, wait for me!
I'm all packed! I have
a whole itinerary planned!
Oh, no! It's Mort!
He's so annoying!
Don't let him on.
Stop that thing!
He's carrying scissors
and hand cream!
[Mort laughing]
Everybody in! Quickly, get in,
get in! Get in quick!
- [male] Struts.
- [male 2] Check.
- [male] Flaps.
- [male] Engine. Coffee maker.
- [male 2] Check.
You guys!
[laughing]
Oopsie-daisy!
That has to be
the second biggest slingshot
I've ever seen.
But it'll have to do. Attention.
This is your captain speaking.
In the event of
a water emergency, place
the vest over your head
then kiss your... good-bye.
New York City, here we come!
[male] Pray to your personal
God this hunk of junk flies.
Personal God, hunk...? What?
We are go, sir.
Open the door! I'm outside!
In case of loss
in cabin pressure,
place the mask over your face to
hide your terrified expression.
Excuse me, miss, but
aren't these supposed
to be attached to my seat?
- No, sir.
- OK, boys, launch!
Hey!
Launch!
- Launch!
[all screaming]
[all cheering]
[thunder crashes]
Ahh! Gremlin!
[sighs]
Hey, Mort.
Hi! [screams]
[whispering] That was weird.
- Hey, somebody's dreaming.
- I think I saw
Mort on the wing.
You got Madagascar on the brain.
I know I'm gonna miss it.
It was incredible, wasn't it?
I think it'll seem more fun
the further we are from it.
- Like when you bit me
on the butt?
- [laughs]
I'm gonna take that thing you're
holding onto and use it onstage.
It's all part
of my little actor's salad bar
of emotional tidbits.
Are the butts next to
the croutons at the salad bar?
[laughing]
You don't need to be sarcastic.
When we get back, I might sign
up for the breeding program.
Breeding program?
We reach a point when we
want to meet somebody.
Settle down,
have a relationship.
I can see that.
What? [clears throat]
Like dating?
Yeah, dating.
Other... other guys?
What do you mean, other guys?
Darn it!
I'm gonna... What is holding up
that beverage service?!
I'm gonna go check.
[yawning] You all keep talking.
I'm gonna catch a few winks.
It's so funny! [laughing]
Oh, I like laughing!
It's such a nice experience!
- To laugh!
- Wow!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Do you mind going back?
This is first class.
It's nothing personal. It's just
that we're better than you.
Maurice, I'm open! Hit me!
- He shoots, he scores!
- Is that Vivaldi?
- Hey, in-flight slave.
- Can I help you,
Mr. Mankiewicz?
Bring my nuts
on a silver platter.
We just wanted to check
on the drinks we ordered.
Sorry. Been a little backed up.
- I guess I'll go back...
- What happened to your body?
You're freaking me out! Can you
please go over there, please?
What happened to
the separation of the classes?
I'm sure this democracy thing
is just a fad.
[alarm buzzing]
We'll go out for pineapple,
my bobbly-headed boobily-boo.
Skipper, look.
Analysis.
Looks like a small bulb
designed to indicate
something out of the ordinary,
like a malfunction.
I find it pretty
and somewhat hypnotic.
- That too, sir.
- Right! Rico? Manual!
Mm-hm.
Problemo solved.
- We may be out of fuel.
- What makes you think that?
We've lost engine one...
...and engine two
is no longer on fire.
Buckle up, boys.
Don't look, doll.
This might get hairy.
Attention! This is your captain.
I've got good and bad news.
The good news is, we're
landing immediately.
The bad news is,
we're crash-landing.
[all screaming]
When it comes to air travel,
we know you have no choice.
But thanks for choosing
Air Penguin.
[screaming]
[laughing]
Raise your arms, Maurice!
It's more fun when you
raise your arms like this!
I can fly!
This could be it, Marty!
I want you to know you are
truly a one-in-a-million friend!
Thanks, buddy!
You're the best ever!
- I know you won't mind
when I tell you...
- Tell me anything!
- I broke your iPod!
- What?!
The buttons were so small!
It made me mad!
- The horror!
- I'm sorry!
- I'll kill you, butt-biter!
- It was an accident!
- An accident!
- Butt-biter!
I love you, Gloria!
I always have!
[snoring]
[stuttering] Like you love
the beach. Or a good book.
Or the beach.
[all yelling]
My goodness, doll,
you're shaking like a leaf.
Rico, you've had your fun.
Pull up.
Gear down.
Gently. You just want
to kiss the ground.
Just a peck, a smooch,
like you'd kiss your sister.
I said, kiss it!
Now just a little brake.
Just a touch. Little whisper.
I believe
that's checkmate.
[screaming]
Commence emergency landing
procedure. Flaps up! Deploy!
[snorts]
Oh, we're here.
What in the world?
What happened to the plane?
What did y'all do to the plane?
I'm OK. I'm alive.
I can't even sleep for a minute.
This is not JFK.
[Skipper] Kowalski,
casualty report.
Only two passengers
unaccounted for, Skipper.
That's a number I can live with.
Good landing, boys.
Who says a penguin can't fly?
Hey, happy slappers!
Is there some reason to
celebrate? Look at the plane!
- We'll fix it.
- How are you
gonna you fix this?
Grit, spit and a
whole lot of duct tape.
We should be up and running
in, say, six to nine months.
- Sixty-nine months?!
- No, six to nine months.
Kowalski, I say we use
this setback to our advantage.
- Where'd you get that number?
- I want you to reconfigure
the design.
How do you estimate that?
Pretty boy! Why don't you
and your friends dig a latrine.
Hold on. Who made you
king of the plane wreck?
Excuse me? Fine. You can be
in charge. You fix the plane.
Who gives you the authority
to put me in charge?
OK, then I'll remain
in charge.
Yeah, you will remain in charge.
You and your hippie friends
stay out of our hair.
Correcto-mundo.
Because I decided to.
- Good for you.
- Well, this discussion
isn't over.
Higher mammals!
You stay with us.
We could use your front cortexes
and opposable thumbs.
Phil! I should wash
your hands out with soap.
How in the, hell-o,
will they fix this plane?!
You know, grit and spit
and spit.
A lot of spit and grit
and stick-to-it-iveness.
That don't sound
too promising.
You're right. We're stuck here.
As long as we're together,
we'll be OK.
Yeah, but love ain't
gonna get us home.
Behold! The lion!
- Hey, it's people!
- There is much to see.
Moving on.
Wait, wait, wait! People!
- They'll help us!
- Wait up!
- People! Stop!
- Help us!
If you stop,
I'll autograph those!
I know you!
You.
It's the bad kitty.
[grunting]
How do you like some of that?!
[spits]
- Come in, Tokyo!
- Yow!
Ow!
[cheering]
Right in the batteries.
You think an old lady
can't take care of herself?
Next time, I won't
go so easy on you!
Thank you, dear.
[man] Moving on!
Are you out of your mind?
We need help and you're
harassing little old ladies?!
Out of my mind?
- Aha! Who's out of my mind now?
- [phone beeping]
- See if you can
get an operator.
- No problem.
Out of my mind.
We're going home.
[woman on phone] Message E-4.
The service user has roamed
outside the coverage area.
Please try again later.
Oh, my... Whoa!
Am I trippin'?
[Marty] All those zebras...
like me.
- Where are we?
- [Melman] San Diego.
This time I'm
40 percent sure.
- I know this place.
- I think it's Africa.
- Africa?
- It's got to be.
Our ancestral crib.
It's in our blood.
I can feel it!
No, it's more than that.
It's like...
...dj vu,
like I've been here before.
It's like Roots!
No, it's like...
...dj vu, like
I've been here before.
[Alex] How!
How!
Me Alex!
Me and me friends fly,
fly in great metal bird.
Then plummet! [whistles]
Smash ground!
Go boom!
Then here we emerge.
We offer only happiness
and good greetings.
Is he dancing
about a plane crash?
Yeah. We just... yeah.
I thought... Sorry.
You came from
off the reserve?
Way off. From the
Central Park Zoo, actually.
[crowd murmurs]
[roaring]
[coughing]
Don't strain yourself.
What's going on here?
What's all this hubbub.
They say they're
from off the reserve.
That's impossible. Only people
come from off the reserve.
You look familiar.
Do I know you?
How could you survive
the hunters?
We didn't see any hunters.
- What are you looking at?
- Me? Nothing.
This watering hole doesn't need
any more mouths to feed.
So skedaddle back
to where you came from.
Is there a manager
we could talk to?
Oh, I see. You're here
to challenge me!
What? No! No.
That's what it
looks like to me!
Zuba! Wait.
I'm trying to take care
of business...
Yeah, yeah, Zuba. Hold on.
Alakay?
Is that you?
No, it's Alex. Ix.
Like New York Knicks.
Zuba, look!
[Alex] I've always had that.
The vet checked it out.
It's kind of
a beauty spot, really.
A mark.
All right, this is
a little weird.
Honey, he's come home.
What?
You've come home.
Whoa.
Son.
Dad.
Mom and Dad? Mom and Dad!
Mom and Dad!
It's my mom and dad!
[laughing]
I got a mom and dad!
My baby's alive!
Dad!
My son!
My son is home!
Alakay! Alakay has come home!
Whoo! Whoo!
Alakay! Yeah! The prodigal son
returns. This is perfect!
I thought you hated Zuba.
No, I do. I do. I do.
I hate him. Oh, I do.
And I'm going
to use Alakay, yes.
I'm going to use him to get rid
of Zuba once and for all!
Giddy-up, feathered horse!
Make way! Move out
of the way! Stand aside!
New York!
It's a bit of a dump. Are you
sure we're not in New Jersey?
Hello, New Yorkers!
Your new king is here!
This calls for a celebration!
Maurice, I think
they like me.
You've got to love
a non-hostile takeover!
Chukka-chukka what?
[laughing]
Excuse me. I'm Marty.
I'm kind of new around here.
[all] Hey, Marty!
Hey!
You're a good-looking group!
You like to run?
[all] Yeah. Running is
crack-a-lackin'.
[Marty] That's right!
Crack-a-lackin'.
You guys speak
my crack-a-lackin' language.
What? You don't have
doctors here?
Not anymore.
Well, what if you
catch a cold?
We go over to the
dying holes and we die.
[coughs]
You guys really need a doctor.
- Hey, we have an opening.
- Would you be interested?
Me? A doctor? [laughs]
[both laughing]
It's raining men. Hallelujah!
You all got it going on.
Why don't you have a man?
You got worms?
Oh, I got rid of those.
Listen, girls.
Manhattan is short on two
things, parking and hippos.
Hey, everybody!
I just found out that my son
is a doggone king!
The King of New York!
[all gasping]
Show me some of your moves, son.
Come on, don't be bashful.
All right. This one
always knocks 'em dead.
Roar!
Look out. The King is mad.
The King is mad!
Let's welcome him back
into the pride with open arms!
Welcome to
the herd, Marty!
Me? I've always wanted
to be part of a herd!
- It's one for all...
- [all] And all for all, y'all!
- Woo-hoo!
- All right!
- How do I look?
- Technically,
a traditional witch doctor
has a bone through his nose.
- Huh?
- Don't worry...
it's just a clip-on.
Voila! He's a witch doctor!
My mother will be so happy.
Look out! I think
Moto Moto likes you.
Here he comes.
Chunky
I like 'em big
I like 'em chunky
I like 'em plumpy
I like 'em round
With somethin' somethin'
They like my sound
They think I'm funky
Goodness, girl... you huge.
Who's your friend?
Or is that your butt?
Girl, you as quick
as you are hefty.
So you're Moto Moto?
The name's so nice,
you say it twice.
I kind of like it, fatso.
I'll see you around, girl.
It won't be hard, because
you so... plumpy.
[cheering]
- Oof!
- Oops!
Um, I hate to be
a party pooper, Zuba,
but some of the lions
were wondering when you
were gonna banish your son.
- What are you talking about?
- It's nothing, really.
They're griping that Alakay
never went through
the rite of passage,
blah, blah, blah,
so technically speaking,
he can't be a member of
the pride. It's nonsense.
I forgot about
the rite of passage.
What is it? What's
this rite of passage?
A traditional
coming-of-age ceremony.
Young lions earn their manes
by demonstrating their skills.
- A show-of-skill
talent show deal?
- Yeah. Strutting their stuff.
A performance!
I think that's up my alley.
If it's tradition,
I want to do it. Strut
my stuff. Earn my mane.
I want to be Alaki.
- Alakay.
- Alakay! Even better.
We will hold the rite
of passage in the morning!
That's wonderful!
Good luck, Alakay.
Where I'm from, we say,
"Break a leg."
Oh, that's my boy!
[chuckles]
I'm a private dancer
A dancer for money
[vocalizing]
Any old music will do
[Gloria] Beautiful,
isn't it?
- [Melman] Yeah.
- [Marty] It's amazing.
[Alex] Guys...
...this is where we belong.
[Skipper] Operation
Tourist Trap is a go.
Oh, I like that one.
That's a good one.
It works on many levels.
You guys are
a bunch of suck-ups.
- That, too.
- Absolutely.
Stations.
Stage one. Go!
[woman exclaims]
[clang]
Oh, no! What have I done?
Come on, take the bait.
- What happened?
- Oh, look at the
poor little guy.
Is it dead?
[all] Aww.
Stage two! Go, go, go!
I will give him
the kiss of life.
Rico!
Reverse!
Gas!
Music!
[ Boston: More Than a Feeling]
No! Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Come back! [moans]
What is all this
rock'n'roll racket?!
[grunting]
Is she dead?
No!
[grunts]
[neck cracks]
You hoodlums!
Good heavens! Are you OK?
Lady, I found your pocketbook.
My handbag. Such a good boy.
Nana can't survive without it.
Wow. You are one tough cookie.
Brownies Troop 416, Yonkers.
OK, nobody panic! The best thing
we can do is stay together.
We'll wait for another tour
jeep. It may take hours, but...
Where are you going?
I'm not staying here to be
attacked by more animals!
I'm too old to die.
I don't know about you guys,
but I'm going with her.
Old lady, wait up!
Please! We need to stay...
...together.
Fine! We'll go that way!
[woman] Does anyone want
a hard candy?
[all] Oooh!
- Easy now.
- Watch your step.
And this, right here...
OK, are you ready?
This is where
you always slept.
Oh, man!
Wow!
- Was this mine?
- Look at you. Look at him.
Oh, my... Oh, this thing.
Look, look!
- I remember this!
- He remembers.
Oh! A little harder than I...
You never slept
on the right end. You always
slept on the bottom end.
Is that...?
Is that my...?
Is that me?
Mm-hm. You had
the cutest little paws.
Little,
little bitty ol' paws.
You did that the day
we lost you.
Mm-hm. Yeah.
Wow. I was so young.
What happened to me?
Mmm, it was all my fault.
I turned my back and...
- It was not your fault.
- [clears throat]
Your father did everything
he could. He tracked
those hunters for weeks.
Far off the reserve.
Finally, I had
to assume the hunters...
...well...
We thought... We thought
they'd killed you.
But my son fought them off!
Don't mess with
the King of New York!
- That's right!
- Keep your chin in.
You boys be careful! Watch out
before you break something.
[laughs] You used
to call this "foofie."
"Foofie?"
Foofie.
He doesn't
want that thing.
This is my foofie!
Zuba, you better
give him his foofie.
I mean, no, thank you,
thank you. It's perfect.
Son, you get your rest.
You have a big day tomorrow.
You'll need
all your strength.
I am gonna bring
the house down for you, Dad.
I hope so. Otherwise, your
father will have to banish you.
Oh, jeez, Mom, really?
I know you'll do us proud.
You know why?
You were born with it.
Good night, Alakay.
My boy. My own boy.
My son's a king.
Good night, Mom.
Good night, Alakay.
Foofie.
Look at foofie! My foofie!
Foofie, foofie, foofie.
My foofie!
[man] No sign of civilization.
Everybody appears very tired.
I think we're lost.
Hey, Nana, do you know
where you're going?
No, but I'm going with
a skip in my step and
a smile on my face.
[man] Sure, right, OK.
Yeah, all right.
[all gasp]
- It's people.
- How did you get here?
- Can you help us? We're lost.
- We're lost too.
It was awful. A flash of black
and white and they were gone.
They took the jeep!
- That happened to our jeep too!
- What do we do?
How will we all survive?
No food, no water, no shelter.
What are we gonna do?!
You can let nature
get the best of you,
or you can get
the best of nature.
Gather 'round, children.
We're New Yorkers, right?
Yeah.
We survive the concrete jungle!
When we need food, we hunt
for a decent hot dog stand.
- Am I right?
- She's right.
When we need shelter,
we build skyscrapers.
- Exactly!
- When we need water,
we build a dam.
We're New Yorkers,
for crying out loud!
If we can make it there,
we can make it anywhere!
[cheering]
[gasping, coughing]
I'm coming, King Julien!
Tra-la-la
la-la la-la
[screams]
Bad fishy! Bad fishy!
No, shark, no! Sit!
[screaming, laughing]
Why am I laughing?
We have all the parts
we need, but we're
slightly behind schedule.
- How slightly?
- Six to nine years.
- Sixty-nine years?
- No, six to nine years.
Private! What happened
to our thumbs?
Haven't seen them
since yesterday.
Darn you, Darwin!
Nobody goes AWOL on my watch.
Private! You're coming with me.
Rico! You're coming with me!
- We'll bring them in
for court martial.
- That won't be necessary!
We've recruited a few extra
thumbs for you, Skipper.
Well, I'll be
a monkey's uncle.
Oh, I doubt that.
[hooting]
Enough lollygagging.
Let's get to work.
We'll divide into three groups.
Group Alpha,
sheet metal fabrication.
Group Bronson, handle assembly.
Group George Peppard,
craft services.
Any questions?
Good! Let's get to work.
I'd like to kiss you,
monkey man.
All right, but you're
so darn ugly.
[growling softly]
All right,
little cub scouts, remember,
a great dance performance
comes from the heart.
Straight from the heart,
you'll never go wrong.
Sure, mister.
Hey, Alakay, I just
happened to walk by.
I thought I'd
wish you luck.
- You're not nervous, are you?
- Nah, it's my thing.
In my opinion, the key
to this is choosing
the right competitor.
You mean, this is like
a dance battle sort of thing?
- Like a dance-off?
- Uh, sure.
Great. I love that. Freestyle.
Who'd be a good match for me?
Just to keep things interesting.
[inhales] Ooh, well,
I wish I could help,
but that's strictly against
our ancient tradition
and all we hold sacred.
But if it was me out there...
I'd choose Teetsi.
Teetsi. OK.
Sounds, uh, interesting.
Makunga, right? Thank you.
Anything for Zuba's boy.
Go get 'em, tiger.
Shake it out. [trilling]
A five, six, seven, eight.
Let's go, let's do this.
Let us begin
the rite of passage ceremony.
- Come on, baby!
Make Mama proud!
- Woman, I'm trying to take...
- On it, Mom!
- [Mom cheers]
Who will be the first
participant?
Me! Oh! Me, me, me!
Me! Me! Me! Me, me! Please, me?
How about you?
The tall, handsome one.
Yeah. Choose your opponent.
Let me see. Hmm. Ahh.
I guess I'll pick...
...Teetsi?
[all gasp]
Teetsi?
Why did he pick Teetsi?
That's my boy! He's got
some gumption there! [laughs]
Somebody, wake him up!
[snarls]
All right, so, Teetsi, come on.
Let's do this, huh?
Come on, little tsetse fly.
Let's see your stuff. Bring it.
- Let's dance!
- OK.
But let me warn you
that I am a protg of...
...Fosse and Robbins!
Not "dance" dance! Fight!
Ooh, dance fight! You got it.
[jazzy vocalizing]
- Is he dancing?
- What's he doing?
I know that boy
is not dancing.
[laughs] This is
even better than I thought.
[continues vocalizing]
Alakay, turn around!
No, Pop, it's hop, shuffle, ball
change, hip swish, turn around.
[crashing]
Oh, no.
Alakay! Are you hurt?
Oh, yeah, I am.
Did I... did I win?
No, son.
How could this happen?
You told us you were a king.
A king does not get beat.
I am a king.
I'm the King of New York.
It's my stage name.
Like for when I perform.
Perform?
Oh, no, this is horrible!
Alakay has failed the test!
Who would have ever imagined
that today Zuba would have
to banish...
...his own son?
Zuba, no.
Zuba, yes.
Sadly, the alpha lion
must cast out all failures.
Then I'm no longer
the alpha lion.
Dad, what are you doing?
Dad, no! You can't do this.
Who could possibly
take Zuba's place?
Anyone? Someone? No one?
You, sir!
I guess not.
Well, I... this is
all very awkward,
but I suppose I could carry
this tremendous burden.
Hmm.
Teetsi! Get the hat.
As your new leader,
I hereby banish Alakay!
He shall wear
this Hat of Shame...
...and leave the watering hole
for a thousand years, or life!
Whichever comes last.
Come on! Shoo, shoo!
Get out of here!
You should have told us
you weren't a real king, son!
You never told me
I'd have to fight anybody!
What did you expect?!
I don't know!
Maybe a little fatherly advice,
like, "Hey, son, it's a fight!"
- You're a lion!
- But I never
fought another lion!
No, I guess not. You dance!
And other stuff! Your pal,
Makunga, set me up back there!
- None of this
would have happened...
- If you were a real lion.
- Zuba!
- Yeah, I said it!
A real lion.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Saw.
Suture.
Swab.
You're in my light, Stephen.
Ooh, say, you've got
a brown spot on your shoulder.
That's very observant, Stephen.
As you can see, I'm covered
in brown spots.
OK! That bone will be good
as new in a few weeks.
So I don't have
to pick out a dying hole?
No, you got your
whole life ahead of you.
- Really?
- Go out and grab it
by the horns.
- Thank you, Dr. Mankiewicz!
- Break a leg! Sweet kid.
This spot looks
like Witch Doctor's Disease.
[laughs] Witch Doctor's Disease?
That's the most ridiculous
disease I've ever heard of.
Whoa!
- Don't ask.
- Someone's been knotty.
[chuckles] OK, this
won't hurt a bit.
Joe, our last witch doctor,
he had a spot just like that.
- And?
- Monday, Joe.
Wednesday, no Joe.
Wednesday, no Joe?
I can breathe!
Thanks, doc!
So this Witch Doctor's Disease
is a real thing?
You'll find a cure.
You've got at least 48 hours!
But I've never heard of it.
I mean... I don't have
any penicillin.
I'll need a CAT scan
just to get started!
Have a lion look you over.
They'd be happy to.
[zebras cheering]
[all] Whoa!
Ta-da!!
- Guy's got talent.
- Stupendous and tremendous.
Hollah!
Bet you've never seen that one!
Knocked 'em dead in New York!
- Let's all give it a try!
- Let's do it!
Well, you can try
all you want to,
but it takes years of practice.
You'll never get a tight stream
until you build up
your lip muscles to
the point where you can
purse your lips like this.
You got it?
[screams]
Ta-da!
How did you...? You guys got it
right out of the box!
- If you can do it...
- ...we can do it.
It's in our blood!
I always thought
I was a little bit unique.
[all] We are unique!
We are like
a force of nature!
- A million points of light!
- And dark stripes!
[all] Exactly the same!
Exactly the same.
Looks impressive,
Kowalski, but will it fly?
Yes. If we fold it here,
here and here.
Nice.
[sighs]
Oh, man. My dad thinks
I'm a total loser.
I've ruined my parents' lives.
That is definitely
not crack-a-lackin'.
It is lackin' in the crackin',
my friend. I've gotta fix this.
So...
...there's... There's something
I gotta tell you.
Hey, guys.
Is this place great or what?!
I'd go with "or what."
Well, I'll tell you what. You're
not gonna believe it, but... Ha!
...I got a date
with Moto Moto. Heh-heh!
Who's Moto Moto?
Oh, he's so big
and handsome and big!
- Know what "Moto Moto" means?
- Twins?
It means, "Hot Hot."
"Hot Hot?"
When did you start
parlez-ing African?
It's in my blood.
Don't worry, you can flirt
around with Mr. Hot Pants after
I'm gone.
Melman, why am I the parade
and you're the rain?
Why are you driving
your parade under my rain?
Maybe I'll parade
in another part of town!
Whoa, guys.
Main Street's mine!
Well, you can have it!
And you can take your hotee-tot
float and Mr. Hotee Moto Moto...
- What are you talking about?
- What are we talking about?
Melman, just tell her.
What? What are you... I don't
know what you're talking about.
I guess I'll go, then.
Don't bother.
- Don't get up on my account.
- Melman! Gloria!
- I thought you guys
were friends!
- Marty's absolutely right.
- Marty?
Marty?
What the heck is going on?
You're not...? Oh! He was...
I thought he... You're not him.
He's... Oh.
You thought that guy...
...was me?
No. I mean, yes, you...
Guys, come on.
You thought I was him?
You guys kind of do
look a little...
You look a lot alike.
Marty, you look a lot alike.
You laugh alike. Talk alike.
He has the same speech pattern.
It's a little weird, really.
I mean, come on. Marty.
So you're saying there's
nothing unique about me.
I'm just like any other zebra.
No. Of course you're different!
[both] How?
OK, I can't tell you apart.
Maybe you could wear
a bell or something.
- A bell?!
- OK, not a bell.
Bell's a bad idea.
How about a T-shirt that says,
"I'm with stupid"?
- I'm not stupid!
- Not you, stupid! Him, stupid!
You know, while you've been
doing the prancing pony
with your new posse,
I've been having
the worst day of my life. OK?
[sighs]
It's always about you,
isn't it?
My problems are just
a little bit bigger than yours.
I couldn't tell you apart.
So what?!
Yeah, fine. Run away,
Marty! Run away!
That's what you do best!
Just like back in New York!
I'm right here.
But you can't tell that, right?
[groans]
Your one-of-a-million friend
hopes you enjoy
your bigger-than-anyone-else's
problems alone!
Good, leave! I don't need you
to help me solve my problems!
You're a dime a dozen!
I can't tell which one's Marty!
Which one's Marty? Wait a
minute. Oh, yeah, I don't care!
Nice hat, you showoff!
Marty...
...don't go.
[Julien] Giddy-up, giddy-up!
Look, Maurice!
The perfect spot
for my summer palace!
Please fill in all these holes
and relocate the riff-raff.
- Oh, who'd leave
a perfectly good head?
- What a waste.
Tell me about it.
I'm in my prime here.
I'm terminal, you know?
Well, I probably only have
another two days left to live.
That's a bummer, man.
If I, King Julien...
that's my name...
...only had two days
left to live,
I would do all the things
- I've ever dreamed of doing.
- Like what?
I'd love to become
a professional whistler.
I'm pretty amazing at it now,
but I want to get even better,
make my living out of it.
[blowing raspberries]
You know what else
I would do?
I would invade
a neighboring country
and impose my own ideology,
even if they didn't want it!
Easy for you to say.
You're a king.
Yes. And you are
only just a sad little head.
There must be something
you want to do before you die!
- There is this one thing.
- What is it? Tell me.
- No, I couldn't.
- What is it?
I never told Gloria
how I feel about her.
What is it?
Please tell me!
I never had the guts to tell
Gloria how I feel about her.
How I've always felt about her.
Fine. Don't tell me!
Ohhh! Is it a woman?
Oh, you didn't tell me you
were talking about a woman.
What are you afraid of?
You're a dead man anyway.
Yeah. Yeah.
- You're right.
- Well...
You've got to march
right up to this woman.
Look her right in the eye.
Lean forward.
Just a little,
or almost all the way.
Then you let her lean forward
a little until you're...
...just lips' distance
away from each other.
Then you tell her
how much you hate her.
Actually, it's
more like love her.
Oh, you sly dog! Woof, woof!
You're a real player.
Now listen to me.
You got to rise up.
You hearing me?
- He didn't hear you.
- I can't hear you!
- Yeah.
- Good.
- You got to rise up!
- Rising up!
- Get out of the hole!
- I'm rising out of the ground!
- He's rising, Maurice.
- I'm rising, Maurice!
- Rising!
- You go right up to this woman!
- Yeah!
- Do you feel it?
- Go up to her face!
- Tell the truth!
- I'm going to tell her!
- Then you say, "Baby,
I dig you!" Yeah!
Yeah! I'm gonna do it!
I'm gonna do it!
I love that
happy little head.
She love
Moto Moto
She loves me
She loves my eyes
She loves my thighs
She loves my roundness
She love that I'm chunky
She love that I'm plumpy
She love my heftiness
She love my zestiness
She love me restlessly
She love me forever
She love me
'Cause she love me
Moto Moto...
...before things get
too serious, well,
I was wondering, if I were to,
for example, stay here...
...I'd like to ask you...
Let your candied lips be the
messengers to my... ear canal.
Well, I have so many questions.
I promise the answer
will always be yes.
Unless no is required.
So what is it about me
that you find so interesting?
You're the most plumpenest girl
I've ever met.
OK. Other than that.
Let's see.
Yeah, well, you know...
you chunky.
Right.
Uh... My gosh, girl, you huge.
You said that.
Oh... Yeah, that's right.
We don't have to talk no more.
Gloria!
Gloria.
Melman.
Um, Melman, I want you
to meet Moto Moto.
Ah, Moto Moto.
Yeah, nice to meet you.
- Well, I guess I...
- [Gloria] It's OK, Melman.
Apology accepted.
Oh. Yeah, right, yes, that.
Yes, that's why I... Good.
Whoo! OK. Well,
that's it, then.
Good. We're kind of
busy here, man.
No. No, that's not it.
Listen, Mototo, you better treat
this lady like a queen.
Because you, my friend,
you found yourself
the perfect woman.
If I was ever so lucky
to find the perfect woman,
I'd give her flowers every day.
And not just any flowers. OK?
Her favorites are orchids.
White. And breakfast in bed.
Six loaves of wheat toast,
butter on both sides.
No crust,
the way she likes it.
I'd be her shoulder to cry on
and her best friend.
I'd spend every day thinking
of how to make her laugh.
She has the most amazing laugh.
That's what I would do
if I were you.
But I'm not, so you do it.
OK.
What?
That was beautiful.
Anyways, where were we?
I'm "huge?"
Surprised to see me, Makunga?
Well, I'm here to set things
straight, like a real lion!
Is this real enough for you?
How about this? This is
for setting me up!
This is for stealing
my dad's job! This is
for humiliating my family
and making me look like a fool!
[hollering]
[coughing]
Had enough? Sure, fly away!
Coward.
[distant voice screaming]
The water. It's gone.
It's never gone dry before.
- We'll need
a lot more dying holes.
- How could this happen?
Out of my way!
What is going on here?!
The watering hole is dry!
There's barely water
for one of us!
- Good observation, Shirley.
- I'm Bobby.
Makunga, what do we do?
Quiet!
Listen up! I'm afraid there
is only one solution
to this horrible crisis:
We'll all have to fight for it.
- We can't fight for it.
- That's crazy.
That's not fair. You'd win!
Exactly, Shirley.
- I'm Bob...
- [all gasp]
Sorry, folks, but life
isn't fair. I'm in charge now,
thanks to Alakay,
the dancing lion.
Please, Makunga, this is
the only water on the reserve.
If you're thirsty,
you'll have to look
for water off the reserve.
- [male] Off the reserve?
- [male 2] It's too dangerous!
[female] Hunters would shoot us!
[male 3] No one leaves
the reserve and survives!
I left the reserve!
And survived.
I can do something about this.
Looks like a clogged pipe,
like we get in New York.
I'll travel upriver...
- Upriver?
- Off the reserve?
You? [laughs]
Yeah, me. I'll unclog the pipe
and bring back your water.
Great! I'd help you pack,
but by the looks of that hat,
I see you're all set! [laughing]
Fine. Go ahead, laugh.
Laugh your mane off.
I'll prove you wrong.
Maybe you should try
a little rain dance.
[vocalizing]
[male] Zuba
would know what to do.
- Where's Zuba?
- You don't care about us.
Zuba should be in charge,
not you.
[female] Where's Zuba?
[growling]
All right, fine!
As an added measure,
I will consult with Zuba!
[splutters]
Marty?
[indistinct chattering]
Hey! Marty!
Marty?
Marty.
Where'd you get the fruity hat?
Excuse me! Excuse me!
Hi. Is Marty in there?
Anyone seen Marty?
Which one of us is Marty?
[sighs] All right.
Well, if you see him,
tell him his friend Alex
came to say goodbye.
Goodbye? Don't go.
Where are you going?
- Can we come?
- No, no. This is something
I have to do alone.
You can't leave the reserve!
[exhales]
What are you doing?
- They'll get your hat.
- Hunters are everywhere!
[male] Could you leave the hat?
Marty! I know you're in there.
Before I go, I got
something I want to say.
You've been a great friend.
You've helped me so often to see
the bright side of my problems
that I never think
of you as having any.
I wasn't there for you
when you needed me.
Just like back at the zoo.
What kind of friend
does that make me?
A pretty lousy friend, I guess.
I just want you
to know that I...
You're one in a million.
This is just touching.
It is touching.
So could you turn around
so I can tell you to your face?
That's right. Gotcha!
I see you in there!
Yeah, you.
You, right there.
Twelfth row, two hundred
and third from the left.
That's you, Marty.
I know it's you.
Know what makes you special?
These guys are white
with black stripes.
You're black with white stripes.
You're a dreamer, Marty.
Always have been.
You have great taste in music
and horrible taste in friends.
Well, not Melman
and Gloria, but me.
OK, I'm in.
No, Marty,
you can't come with me.
I don't believe
you have a choice.
- [male] People are out there!
- [male 2] You're crazy!
Come back!
[male 3]
The people will get you!
[male 4] Don't lose the hat!
[male 5] Bye, hat!
Any water?
No, just more diamonds and gold.
[all groan]
Don't give up hope.
Listen up! I will help you!
There's only one way
to get your precious water.
I, your beloved King Julien,
must simply make a small
sacrifice to my good friends,
the water gods,
in the volcano!
What does that do?
Excellent question.
My sacrifice goes
in the volcano.
The friendly gods
eat up my sacrifice.
"Mmm. Very nice.
Thank you for the sacrifice."
"Here, have another."
"No, I've had enough."
"I'll be insulted
unless you have another."
"I don't want
another sacrifice!"
"Look at you! You're skinny!"
"No! I've had enough!
Is that clear?"
The gods eat the sacrifice.
They are grateful.
They give me some water,
and then I give it to you.
What?
Does it work?
No! I mean, yes.
Well, Maurice?
Ah, it's fifty-fifty.
We'll do it!
Excellent!
Now all I need is
someone who would like
to go in the volcano
and get eaten by gods.
Any hands? Hands, anybody!
I need someone, perhaps
who has never found love,
who could look death
straight in the eyeball.
A real, genuine hero.
- I'll do it.
- Melman?
[cheering]
Hurry up! Before we all
come to our senses!
Melman, what is wrong with you?
I'm dying anyway.
If there's a chance it'll
get you water, it's worth it.
Are you nuts?
I want you to know,
back at the zoo,
it was never the doctors
or prescriptions
that kept me going.
It was always you.
Seeing you every day.
That's what kept me going.
Melman! Wait!
[all chanting]
Melman! Melman! Melman!
You going to mope
like this all day?
Hmph.
Don't "hmph" me.
Listen, Zuba.
A miracle happened.
Our son has come back to us.
How come that is not
good enough for you?
What are you saying, woman?
We lost him once, Zuba.
Let's not lose him again.
[hyperventilates]
Zuba!
- Zuba!
- Get out of here!
What do you want?
It's awful.
The watering hole is dried up.
Dried up?
That's impossible!
There's nothing left!
You're alpha lion, Makunga.
What are you gonna do about it?
Your son, Alakay, he said he
could fix it. He's gone upriver.
- Off the reserve?!
- No!
I tried to stop him.
I told him it was suicide.
He was determined
to prove himself to you.
You stay here,
in case he comes back!
Hurry, Zuba!
[snickers]
I'm so parched.
[coughs]
[Marty] Is this place
starting to freak you out?
We'll slip in,
find the problem. Hunters
will never know we were here.
Why are we doing this?
Look, Marty, maybe my dad
will think I'm...
I just want to show him
I'm a real lion.
As opposed to a chocolate lion.
Shh! I know this may sound
hard to believe, but apparently,
lions don't dance.
- What?!
- Shh!
As far as
my dad is concerned.
As far as people are concerned,
you're a huge hit.
That was New York. This is
Africa, a much tougher crowd.
- Marty, this is it!
- Shh!
- This is the clog! Come on.
- Shush, shush,
shush, shush. Whoa.
[grunts]
- Ahhh.
- Whoo.
Well, there's the water.
Stay down. Look at that.
[Nana] Knit one, purl two.
[whispering] It's her.
- Is this right?
- Very good.
Nana, slow down.
You're a little tangled,
aren't you?
No, don't pull. I'll do it.
We need dynamite.
Do you have any?
Oh, snap! I just used
my last stick this morning!
[hooting]
- Savages!
- Evasive maneuvers!
- Serpentine, serpentine!
- Squiggly squid maneuver!
Zag, zig-zag, zig ziggy zag!
No, no! Squiggly squid!
Etch A Sketch!
That's too complex!
Octopus, octopus!
Alex!
- Run, Marty!
- I can't leave you here!
Go get help! Squiggly squid
maneuver! Go! Go!
Squiggly squid!
[Marty] Etch A Sketch!
Etch A Sketch!
Save us
We love you
OK.
OK, OK, OK.
[yelps]
- Save us
- Melman
- We love you
Save us
OK, here we go. OK, OK.
- Melman
- We love you
- Save us
Here we go! Here we go!
- What's all the hoopla about?
- Joe?
Joe the Witch Doctor?
We thought you were dead!
So did I. Then I realized
I'm covered in brown spots.
So Melman's not dying!
- [gasps] Melman's not dying!
- Oh, no!
Melman!
Move!
Don't do this! Julien,
stop this! This is crazy!
Oh, suddenly throwing
a giraffe into a volcano
to make water is crazy!
Yes!
- Please, Melman! Stop!
- Gloria?
- You can't do this!
- Why not?
Because... Oh!
[shrieking]
[all gasping] Aww...
You can't do this, Melman.
First, that hurts.
Second, I've only got
18 hours to live, anyway.
Melman, I gotta know...
...did you mean those things
you said about me?
Of course I did.
- That's crazy.
- It is?
It's crazy to think I had to go
halfway around the world...
...to find out that
the perfect guy for me
lived right next door.
Then it's you and me,
neighbor.
You and me
for the next 18 hours.
I'll take whatever you got.
[crowd] Ohhh.
[indistinct blabbering]
- Maurice, what happened?
- I believe the
fat lady has sung.
- Hey, what's going on here?
- Marty!
Listen up! Alex is
in big trouble! We got
to get upriver fast!
- What about the plane?
- Perfect! Come on!
The plane won't be fixed until
the suits meet our demands.
Now, about maternity leave.
Maternity leave?
You're all males.
We need that plane
for a rescue mission.
There's nothing I can do
until we bust up this union.
I'll bust up all of you if you
don't get this plane going.
Can't you see these commies
have my hands tied?
No maternity leave.
Maybe a certain someone
wouldn't want these blowing
around on the savanna. Hmm?
All right. You get
your maternity leave.
[whistle blows]
Finally.
Where we headed? What's going
on? Where are we going?
Oh, no! Please!
Don't put me there! No!
This is wrong.
You see? You are survivors.
Now, how about
a nice lion casserole?
You can't eat a lion.
Eh! Don't worry,
it tastes like chicken.
No, no, no. Don't listen to her.
She's out of her mind, people!
Hey! Hey!
I'm from New York City too!
It's me, Alex the lion!
From Central Park!
[yelps] Whoa! Whoa!
[lion roars]
Dad!
What were you thinking, son? You
got no business being out here!
This is it.
I want you to stay behind me.
They're New Yorkers. They're
just rude and frightened people.
Stay back!
You gonna let
your dinner get away?
- What are you doing?
- The only thing
I know how to do.
Huh?
I been around the world
in the pouring rain
What the heck?
Feeling out of place
and feeling strange
Take me to a place
where they know my name
[man] Hey, I know those moves.
Alex?
Check it, check it out...
- [woman] It's Alex the lion!
- [man] From Central Park!
[man 2] It is Alex!
Only one lion
can move like that!
[crowd cheering]
Play a little jam I'll come
Alive, alive, alive
He's beautiful.
I can't believe it.
Play that jungle fever
Show 'em some love
How does he do that?
This is my home
King of the throne
Dad, what are you doing?
I'm dancing with my son!
I think.
Don't think, Dad. Feel!
Butterfly!
I'm feeling it! I'm feeling it!
But now that I'm home
Feels like I'm in heaven
[both] Roar!
Oh! That was beautiful.
Now let's eat!
Dad, look out!
[bullet ricochets]
What the...?
Alex! Get in!
She's got a gun!
Get out while we can!
- What?
- She's got a gun!
Get out while we can!
Pass it on!
He said let's have some fun and
take out the dam. Basset hound.
Skipper! Alex wants
to take out the dam.
- All right! It's his funeral.
- What?
- Hard to port!
- Aye-aye, Skippy!
Bring it on! Bring it on!
Whoo!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Come back! That's my dinner!
Kowalski, full throttle.
- Music!
- [ Barry Manilow:
Copacabana (At the Copa)]
- I like this song.
- It never gets old.
It does have a catchy hook.
Come about! Bring her in low!
[Skipper] Hold onto your
skirts! It's dam-busting time!
[Gloria] Hold on tight, baby!
Here we go!
Tell them no! Pull up!
They'll kill us!
There's got to be another way!
Pass it on!
They say no pull up. Kill us.
There's no other way.
Basset hound.
Are you sure?
Men, there is no sacrifice
greater than someone else's.
- [gun fires]
- No! Medic!
[gun clicks]
Ramming speed!
- Ow!
- Ooh!
Bring it on!
[shrieking]
Bad kitties.
At the Copa
Copacabana
I don't know why
the sacrifice didn't work.
The science
seemed so solid.
I'd jump right in
that volcano
if I wasn't
so good at whistling.
[blows raspberries]
[Mort humming]
Oh! Ohh!
It's you! I found you!
- Mort?
- [laughing]
Bad fishy!
[all yelling]
[poof]
[giggles]
I wonder if the gods
like seafood.
Let's find out.
Look, Maurice.
- That was quick.
- I did it!
I did it! I did it!
OK, you did it!
[Mort] Oh, yes!!
[deep rumbling]
[crowd cheering]
Look!
- [male] It's Alakay!
- [male 2] It's Zuba!
[female] You did it!
Alakay, Zuba, you did it!
[Mom] Zuba! Alakay!
You're back!
I'm so glad you're safe!
Out of my way.
Well, well, well, well, well.
You know, Zuba, if I remember
correctly, you quit the pride.
And you were kicked out.
So don't think that this
changes anything.
You're right. In fact,
we humbly present you
with this token of appreciation.
A man bag.
Very popular where I'm from.
- Don't know what to say.
- Still be tough
and carry your stuff.
Does the strap adjust? Yes,
I think this will go very nicely
for me when I go out hiking.
But you're still banished.
We figured you'd say that.
My handbag!
You bad kitty!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
You deserve this, son.
Welcome to the pride.
Thanks, Dad.
But this belongs to you.
No, no, son. To us!
[crowd cheering]
My son!
The King of New York!
That's my baby!
Love transcends all differences.
We are gathered here today
to celebrate such a love.
Do you take each other,
for better or for worse?
- For better, please.
- Yay!
- What a beautiful,
weird couple!
- Yeah!
- That's not gonna last.
- Whoo!
Can I kiss the bride,
Skipper?
No! Music!
- [Skipper] Struts.
- [Kowalski] Check.
- [Skipper] Flaps!
- [Skipper] Diamonds and gold.
- [Kowalski] Check.
[ Boston: More Than a Feeling]
- Bye-bye!
- We'll miss you!
See you later!
[Skipper] We'll be back after
the honeymoon in Monte Carlo,
or whenever the gold runs out.
- Take care!
- Come back soon!
Mom, let them
take their time.
New York isn't going anywhere,
right, guys?
You're right about that!
As long as I'm with her...
- Ooh! [giggling]
- ...and you two,
I don't care where we are.
- [laughing, snorting]
- She has the most
amazing laugh.
Love has no boundaries!
Well, looks like you're stuck
with us for a while.
Dad? What's wrong?
I just thought we
could hang out a bit and...
- Oh, you got me!
- I got you, son!
You got me with my thing. You
brought it back around on me.
[vocalizing melody]
I got you, son!
The old man's not too bad,
eh, Marty?
- Marty? Who's Marty?
- Come on.
- I don't know no Marty.
Don't call me Marty.
- You can't fool me.
I don't see no Marty.
Ain't no Marty here.
Marty! I can look into your
eyes, and I know it's you.
See, I've been traveling
Been traveling forever
But now that I found a home
feels like I'm in heaven
See, I've been traveling
Been traveling forever
But now that I'm home
- Hey! Shake
the hot things!
- Whoo!
- Shake the hot things!
Shake 'em! Shake 'em!
[ will.i.am:
I Like to Move It]
I like to move it, move it
We like to move it!
She like to move it, move it
We like to move it, move it
We like to move it!
Keep on jumpin' off
the floor, dancin' till
your feet is sore
Party hard just like
a smarty girl 'cause
that's what life is for
- Yeah!
- And we don't party hardly
- No!
- We just party hard
- Yeah!
- And not because we bored
- No!
- We party
'cause we born to party
We gonna move our bodies
with our hands in the air
And wave 'em all around
like we just don't care
Yeah, Moto Moto in the house
Yeah, I'm about
to turn it out
Yeah, and you know
it's going down
Physically, physically
physically round
I like to move it, move it
We like to move it!
She like to move it, move it
We like to move it, move it
We like to move it!
Partying done
Party this belly
got started like one
It just begun, big action
Pump up the volume
Speaker blastin'
Shake up the ground
Shake like an earthquake
Quake up the ground
Pay to make a sound
Pay to make a, pay to make a
Do 'em a little dance
Do a little, do a little
Do a little dance
Ants in my pants
Got ants in my pants
Ants in my ants in my
ants in my pants
That's right, keep on movin'
That's right, keep on doin'
Doin' what I'm doin', y'all
First name Moto
Last name Moto
Here's how you spell it
M-O-T-O M-O-T-O
When I step in
all the girls want a photo
- [cameras clicking]
- Ya know, hey, yo
Moto Moto in the house
I'm about to turn it out
and you know it's goin' down
I'm physically, physically
physically round
I like to move it, move it
We like to move it!
She like to move it, move it
We like to move it, move it
We like to move it!
I like to party, party
He like to party, party
They like to party, party
We like to party!
We like to move it, move it
He like to move it, move it
They like to move it, move it
Move it, move it
Move it!
[ will.i.am: Best Friends]
Ain't nothing in the world
that could tear it apart
You're my friend
Ain't nothing in the universe
that could come
In between us
If you're in the rut
I'm gonna pick you up
And bring you back
to who you are
Anything that you need
I'm here for you
Wherever I need to be
I'm there for you
Unconditional
even if it ain't cool
I'm there when you need me
You need a shoulder to cry on
it's here for you
Need a friend to rely on
I'm there for you
Unconditional, I know
you know you're my buddy
And you my bestest friend
Nobody better say
nothing bad about
My friend
Ain't no kinda gossip
you could spread around
That'd change my opinion
They could make it up
They could talk that trash
You know who I am
and I know who you are
Anything that you need
I'm here for you
Wherever I need to be
I'm there for you
Unconditional
even when it ain't cool
I'm there when you need me
And if you need a laugh
I'm there for you
If you need a place to crash
come on
Unconditional, I know
you know you're my buddy
And you my bestest friend
Yeah, you my bestest friend
I know you know you're
my bestest friend